hello everyone and magic actors hugh
ankle we end up with rachida ma
little hen so what are we going
to do rachida I do not believe in the current
do you care about anything go roll my
hen as it is more the paces
then more seriously we will take a
good bath in any case take what they
have picked up a block and before we go
change an option you are optional
video sometimes and after you go
do 3d anaglyph he makes an offer and
you can come back into play and so that
it's someone who has not learned by
private message because in fact it seems
that before I was actually in mode
colorblind I did not know and so I
would like to thank in passing
all those who support me
it's really nice they subscribe who
I like it I'm really happy so here we
going to pick up the block we are getting close that
left we remain called will want mass the
block of blues we want to do the little
house to protect oneself from the cold and so
we do that we continue and sometimes for
all actors
well, I'm sorry, you're not
nice I did not like your comments this is
not cool whose particular 15-18 I did
crying when seeing your remarks and I
I'm told that actually you I'm stopping
give you no interest you are
you better serve nothing so barred
you frankly stop watching my
videos
I honestly hope this cyber better
since it's going to annoy
so there we dig we know a little hole
what good night should be protected
and then in the name will not be cold then there
we put victory we are super happy
and mud besides I wonder
how can a house be end
is useless but apparently there is
that as material and we will finish
Hold a small door
we are happy and I tell him everything
after a little goodbye with my mini
the pooh aiea more and see you soon
for my next video wait thou the
chain so as not to miss the next
tickets